New Resource: azurerm_bastion_host (#4096)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/bastion_host.html.markdown

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_bastion_host"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-bastion-host-x"
description: |-
  Manages a Bastion Host Instance.

---

# azurerm_bastion_host

Manages a Bastion Host Instance.

## Example Usage

This example deploys an Azure Bastion Host Instance to a target virtual network.

```hcl

> resource "azurerm_resource_group" "test" {

Reviewer: COuld we use example for all resource names here?
```suggestion
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
```

Author: Changed to example for next push

  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_virtual_network" "test" {
  name                = "testvnet"
  address_space       = ["192.168.1.0/24"]
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.test.location}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.test.name}"
}

resource "azurerm_subnet" "test" {
  name                 = "AzureBastionSubnet"
  resource_group_name  = "${azurerm_resource_group.test.name}"
  virtual_network_name = "${azurerm_virtual_network.test.name}"
  address_prefix       = "192.168.1.224/27"
}

resource "azurerm_public_ip" "test" {
  name                = "testpip"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.test.location}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.test.name}"
  allocation_method   = "Static"
  sku                 = "Standard"
}

resource "azurerm_bastion_host" "test" {

>   name                = "testbastion"

Reviewer: And non test names
```suggestion
  name                = "ExampleBastion"
```

Author: changed to ExampleBastion for next push

  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.test.location}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.test.name}"

  ip_configuration {
    name                 = "configuration"
    subnet_id            = "${azurerm_subnet.test.id}"
    public_ip_address_id = "${azurerm_public_ip.test.id}"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the App Service. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Bastion Host. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: changed to correct resource for next push

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the App Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the Bastion Host.
```

Author: changed to correct resource for next push
